{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Synechron\
 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Steps: \
\
You must have OpenCV and tesseract installed on your system. It works differently on Windows and Mac. I am using Mac. You could also download the libraries from Anaconda or below:\
\
	install pip openCV\
	install pip tesseract\
\
Open the project from PyCharm/Jupyter or tool of your preference. \
\
Create an output directory for the output file or store in the same input directory. Choice is yours. \
\
Run the program main.py (Enter the correct details as asked during the execution and the program should do as expected)\
\
\
\
NOT YET\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 While working with webapp create a directory \'93templates\'93 in\'a0the location where the program is stored and move index.html inside it.\
All the html\'92s should stay inside the template folder.\
Fill the bank name you would like to filter the images on.\
Fill all the other details from where you would like to read and write. \
Note: Even though output would be on a webpage it is required to save the file on the local and hence the parameters. \
\
\
}